# KIIMN - Fashion Clothing Store
We are team “Golden Trio+” and our project is a brand new clothes shop. Why did we choose this topic? When we were discussing what should we choose, we stumbled upon a thought that there is no online clothes shop that is used by everyone in Kazakhstan. Most of people search for some random shops in Instagram, go to normal shops and rarely visit real internet shops like wildberries or lamoda. So there is a place in a market that we can fill. We want to create a universal clothes shop with various brands both worldwide popular and not, to sell, shop that will come on everyone’s mind when they think about internet shops. In order to achieve what hasn’t been done before, we must think about what other competitors lack. After some thinking we came into conclusion that the main thing is very limited choice of assortment. While making this site we don’t only focus on functionality and convenient design but also on filling it with various clothes for different groups of people, designs, categories, seasons, etc. so we can cover biggest possible audience of customers: from kids to adults or even elders, men or women, people who prefer classical or casual clothes. And with that wide collection of items, it would be hard for customer to find specific item if we don’t make convenient design. Also, for the sake of usefulness we’ll add mobile version of a site. Today we don’t have many distributors of branded clothes, and there’re absolutely none of them who sell clothes from unknown companies simultaneously. Mixing them will help small business owners to promote and sell their stuff, customers to find different style for themselves and don’t spend much money.
